Punjab Engineering College, Chandigarh -> Computer Science Engineering (Artificial Intelligence) (4 Years, B. Tech / B. Tech (Hons.))
Punjab Engineering College, Chandigarh -> Computer Science and Engineering (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology)
Punjab Engineering College, Chandigarh -> Computer Science Engineering (Data Science) (4 Years, B. Tech / B. Tech (Hons.))
Ghani Khan Choudhary Institute of Engineering and Technology, Malda, West Bengal -> Computer Science Engineering (Data Science) (4 Years, B. Tech / B. Tech (Hons.))
Ghani Khan Choudhary Institute of Engineering and Technology, Malda, West Bengal -> Computer Science Engineering (Artificial lntelligence and Machine Learning) (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology)
International Institute of Information Technology, Naya Raipur -> Computer Science and Engineering (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology)
Birla Institute of Technology, Mesra, Ranchi -> Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology)
Birla Institute of Technology, Mesra, Ranchi -> Computer Science and Engineering (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology)
International Institute of Information Technology, Naya Raipur -> Data Science and Artificial Intelligence (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology)
International Institute of Information Technology, Bhubaneswar -> Computer Science and Engineering (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology)
International Institute of Information Technology, Bhubaneswar -> Computer Science and Engineering (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology)
Jawaharlal Nehru University, Delhi -> Computer Science and Engineering (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology)
International Institute of Information Technology, Bhubaneswar -> Computer Engineering (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology)
Institute of Infrastructure, Technology, Research and Management-Ahmedabad -> Computer Engineering (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology)
J.K. Institute of Applied Physics & Technology, Department of Electronics & Communication, University of Allahabad- Allahabad -> Computer Science and Engineering with Major in Artificial Intelligence (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology)
Birla Institute of Technology, Patna Off-Campus -> Computer Science and Engineering (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology)
National Institute of Advanced Manufacturing Technology, Ranchi -> Computer Engineering (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology)
Central University of Rajasthan, Rajasthan -> Computer Science and Engineering (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology)
Birla Institute of Technology, Patna Off-Campus -> Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology)
Central institute of Technology Kokrajar, Assam -> Computer Science and Engineering (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology)
School of Engineering, Tezpur University, Napaam, Tezpur -> Computer Science Engineering (Artificial Intelligence) (4 Years, B. Tech / B. Tech (Hons.))
School of Engineering, Tezpur University, Napaam, Tezpur -> Computer Science and Engineering (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology)
Central University of Haryana -> Computer Science and Engineering (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology)
Gurukula Kangri Vishwavidyalaya, Haridwar -> Computer Science and Engineering (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology)
Mizoram University, Aizawl -> Computer Engineering (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology)
Chhattisgarh Swami Vivekanada Technical University, Bhilai (CSVTU Bhilai)-> Computer Science Engineering (Data Science) (4 Years, B. Tech / B. Tech (Hons.))
School of Studies of Engineering and Technology, Guru Ghasidas Vishwavidyalaya, Bilaspur -> Computer Science and Engineering (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology)
Institute of Engineering and Technology, Dr. H. S. Gour University. Sagar (A Central University) -> Computer Science and Engineering (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology)
North Eastern Regional Institute of Science and Technology, Nirjuli-791109 (Itanagar),Arunachal Pradesh-> Computer Science and Engineering (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology)
Shri Mata Vaishno Devi University, Katra, Jammu & Kashmir -> Computer Science and Engineering (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology)
Computer Science and Engineering (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology) -> Computer Science and Engineering (4 Years, Bachelor of Technology)
